tomorrow evenings entertainment on BBC
one takes off with another adventure for
the intrepid Starship Enterprise in Star
Trek at 6:55 and then at a quarter to
eight Radio One's Dave Lee Travis takes
a trip down memory lane to the days
before pop videos and asks contemporary
filmmakers to create visual images of
the great hits of yesteryear in the
first of a new series the golden oldie
Picture Show and there's new hope for
Pam when fragments of Mark's plane are
discovered in Dallas at ten past eight
after the news there's a new series of
real lives which looks at the way people
live now and begins by penetrating the
nightmare world of the drugs racket on
Merseyside in pushers at 9:25 finally at
10:25 our late film stars Lee Majors and
Karen black in killer fish a tale of
treasure and greed when a multi-million
dollar haul of emeralds is hidden in the
murti when the muddy and murky probably
waters of a Brazilian reservoir stocked
with piranha fish and that's the shape
of things to come tomorrow night on BBC
one and now just before we close here's
a look at the weather prospects with Ian
McCaskill hello that's it good night
well it's now just past midnight and
that brings us to the end of BBC one for
another day colleagues in Broadcasting
House continue to keep the airwaves
bubbling throughout the night on radio 2
Brian Matthews just achieved his daily
objective of taking Radio 2 round
midnight Peter Clayton will be joining
him shortly with a review of new albums
after which Philip Bergson will be
taking a look at the current film
releases but from all of us here at the
television Center this is David miles
wishing you on behalf of everyone
working on BBC one a very peaceful night
good night